Previously
on Sons of Anarchy...
Word is, Jax is
handing over the Irish guns.
To August Marks.
Makes a real problem
for all of us.
We should have that business.
This is our territory.
We own it.
It's gonna get bloody
for a while.
Jax killed his uncle
and eight of his guys.
It's gonna be brown and yellow
against black and white.
Been in the barrio a lot.
Are you okay?
I just got some shit
that I got to work out,
and I need to be alone
for a while.
Are you dumping me?
PATTERSON: In exchange for
your cooperation against the MC,
you'll get immunity
from Pamela Toric's murder.
If I pulled a bullet
out of a club member
from today's shooting,
would that be proof?
PATTERSON:
With your testimony, yes.
Where you at
with working off the damage?
A little unsure
about how to live
in all this right now.
Jax said it was
what I had to do.
-Earn my way.
-Darvany? You...
you killed her?
I know what you had Juice do.
And then you looked at me
in the eye and you lied
to me about it.
You betrayed me.
WENDY:
Any word from Tara?
Don't you worry about Tara.
You just get clean. Jax will
do what needs to be done.
ABEL:
Daddy!
JAX:
Hey, buddy.
I'll die if I have to.
At least I know I tried to save
them from becoming what you are.
I'm not going to hurt you.
Just be a good mother.
Save our boys.
I turn myself in, nothing will
happen to her or my boys.
I'll let everybody know.
Talk to Jax or the guys?
I guess Tara made a deal.
Hey, Wayne, that you?
(grunting)
Tara didn't rat, Gemma.
Jax gave himself up
to keep her safe.
We got a... (grunts)
JAX:
Babe?
(punch lands, man grunts)
(man panting)
♪ ♪
(Thomas fussing)
(kissing)
Here, let's go to Brooke.
Oh, it's okay.
Brooke.
Hi.
Oh, come here.
Hi. Let's go.
WOMAN:
I got him, Gem.
GEMMA:
Let's go, Rat.
WOMAN: Abel, are you gonna
help me clean up?
(motorcycles rumbling)
♪ ♪
(cell phone ringing)
(man screaming)
(muffled screaming)
♪ ♪
(speaks indistinctly)
(speaks low, indistinctly)
♪ ♪
Oh, wow, this is nice.
Wow, this looks nice.
-Hi.
-Hi, Lyla.
Welcome to Red Woody.
♪ ♪
(squishing)
(Jax grunts)
(sharp snapping)
(crackling)
(Jax grunts)
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
You sure you want to do this?
Yeah.
I thought the plan was
to put in 90 days.
Well, I think nine was enough.
I was crawling out of my skin
in there, Wayne.
So worried about Abel.
Gemma can't take care
of those boys,
and even if she could,
we both know it's a bad idea.
I got to do something.
I know.
We all got to do something.
PATTERSON:
Mrs. Teller.
I'm assuming we're both here
to see the same party.
Yeah.
Make sure I get
in there before she does.
I'm sorry for your loss.
Me, too.
Everything all right?
Yeah.
It's fine, sweetheart.
Protection?
(Gemma sighs)
Company.
I get lonely.
That's understandable.
You've lost a lot of people
close to you.
Yes, I have.
Any, um...
any luck with Tara's case?
Evidence? Suspects? Anything?
Unfortunately, no.
It's been very difficult finding
people willing to cooperate.
And the person
who could help us the most
refuses to talk to anyone.
Except his mother.
He found the woman
he loved... dead.
The woman he loved
more than anything.
What do you want him to say?
What's this?
His teeth.
I thought you guys were
into that.
Make a necklace or something.
I was told if I want
the sit-down,
I had to make the message clear.
I did.
Your snitch ain't gonna be
talking about anything
for a very long time.
TULLY: So what do you want?
Just to clear the air between
your organization and my MC.
We never had no direct beef
with the AB.
Shit that went down with Darby
and the Nords...
Darby was a poseur.
And the Nords were a joke.
Yeah.
And we both know Zobelle was
a cancer.
Almost killed both of us.
So what about the
slaughter at Gerber's Ranch?
What do you know about that?
We heard that was
an internal beef.
Look, man, we both know
what's happening
in Oakland and Stockton.
Brown and yellow
are pulling together
'cause black's
got the gun trade.
Lin and Alvarez are already
playing a hard offense.
Street's gonna get bloody,
and that's gonna impact
relationships inside.
That don't mean we start
sharing tables with the GN.
And they ain't gonna start
including us
in their nigger
movie night, either.
(laughs)
Hey, you can keep hating
as much as you want.
When you get to Stockton, you
should let your crew know
that when push comes to shiv and
white needs a friend,
they do best to reach out to
the darkest hand in the yard.
GUARD:
Let's go, Teller.
The D.A. wants to talk to you.
So, we good?
I might need a few things
from you in the future.
Yeah, for now, we're good.
No, I got it.
I got it.
I left in a such a hurry.
Place is a disaster.
Uh, okay.
Thanks for the lift.
Oh, sure.
Hey, uh,
can I give you some advice?
Please.
Before you go see the boys,
you should talk to Jax.
Let him know
what you want to do.
It's the respectful thing.
Okay.
-He's in County?
-Yeah.
Uh, the guys'll
give you all his info.
They're probably at the,
uh, ice cream shop.
Let me know
if you need anything.
I will.
Thanks.
(car door closes outside)
(car engine starts)
(door closes)
What the hell?
Oh, my God!
Oh, shit!
The evidence has
been processed.
All the lab work's back.
And other
than the obvious facts...
the results gave us nothing.
We've talked to family, friends,
neighbors, the MC...
except Ortiz--
he seems to be MIA--
and no one can shed any light on
who or why Tara was murdered.
I understand
the pain you're in, son.
The reason for your silence.
I lost a son...
...and a nephew...
to gang violence.
I...
didn't want anyone arrested.
I wanted them all dead.
Heartless, cold bullets
to the back of the head,
just the way they killed my boy.
That's a natural reaction--
the desire for revenge,
it's a part of grieving.
The difference is, in my world,
I knew that those violent
desires would never become real.
In yours...
it's a very likely outcome.
(sighs) We couldn't tie you
to either murder.
Parole violation... (scoffs)
The gun wasn't fired.
It was in the house.
We're gonna let you go.
Your mother's here to see you.
She can take you home.
(chuckles)
I've been doing this for over
20 years, and until today,
I have never said a word
about my personal life
to someone on the
other side of this table.
So, why me?
Because...
I needed help
to connect with the man...
who did the right thing
ten days ago!
Who knows the importance
of family!
And that more violence
will only destroy...
what's left of his.
(lock buzzes)
(door opens)
So, why would Gemma
let you stay here?
I'm in a situation.
She said you were gonna
be gone a few months.
Well, I'm back.
And as much as I appreciate you
tidying up and, for some reason,
rearranging all my furniture,
you got to go.
I can't.
I'm hiding.
From the club.
Oh, shit.
It's complicated.
No, it's simple.
I live here.
You don't.
They'll kill me.
Juice.
(quiet laugh)
Look, I'm sorry.
I'll find another place.
Can I at least wait
until it's dark?
Oh, Jesus!
Yeah.
(keys jingle, Wendy sighs)
I got to go to County
and talk to Jax.
Is my car still out back
or did you move that, too?
It's still there.
(huffs)
JUICE:
Please don't say anything.
To Jax.
I won't.
(door closes)
Patterson grilled the guys.
Yeah, me, too.
Everyone at TM and the hospital.
I don't think they have
any suspects.
They don't.
Bobby said you reached out?
Yeah, August got me a burner.
Club's up to speed.
Any word on Juice?
No.
We tracked down his sister
back east.
She hasn't seen him in years.
Tacoma's still watching his
apartment and the weed shop.
You know why he split?
Club shit?
Yeah.
Everything go okay
with the funeral?
Yes.
We had the service two days ago.
Just club, family.
It was quiet.
Respectful.
Abel doesn't know what happened.
Just that his mommy's in Heaven.
It's good you're out, baby.
Those boys need you.
Where you going?
Scoops.
I can't see them yet, Mom.
I got to get clear
on what I have to do.
Yeah, okay.
I get it.
I know how much of this
has landed on you.
The burden of that.
What you're doing for SAMCRO and
my boys means a lot to me.
Couldn't do it without you, Mom.
I love you.
I love you, too, sweetheart.
I'm here.
Whatever you need me to do.
(engines revving)
(music playing in distance)
Ain't this something.
(phone ringing)
White boys and colored folk
rolling together.
Lordy, lordy.
Yeah, you know,
why don't you
come ride with us, Flint?
Oh, shit, that's right.
You got no damn legs.
TIG:
Really? Wow.
I just thought he was, like,
incredibly short,
with very small feet.
Yeah, and a big dick
that still smells
like your mama's ass.
It's a nice, tight ass,
though, huh?
I've been up inside my mother's
shitter so many times
she used to call me
"Little Alex Enema."
There a reason why Freak Show
and the Oreo bikers
are taking up my time?
I got one man dead,
two in critical care
'cause someone ran them off the
road in an old blue Impala.
And people on the street said
the guys driving the car
were East Dub Crew.
People are wrong.
That was Rat.
Jackie boy is out.
(chuckles)
But listen, he needs us
round the table now.
This may take a minute.
T.O.: Now, I ain't saying
it was sanctioned,
but it happened.
I need to know who it was.
No idea.
I'll ask around.
I say we start with
these pussies.
They don't know nothing.
I don't have time for this shit.
Listen, Stumpy, we don't want
this to jump off
any more than you do,
but if it wasn't your crew,
just point us to the car
and the driver, huh?
I ain't AAA, shithead.
Find it yourself.
All right, let's just move
this along, shall we, boys?
We get it.
You're not gonna tell us.
We know you're lying.
Things get heated,
then we get here.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo!
-Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
-Hey, hey, hey, hey.
(engine starts)
You black fellas over there,
I suggest
you put your guns down.
-(groaning)
-Damn.
Anybody else want to
go rolling down the ramp?
(groaning continues)
Now, my little crippled friend,
I'm gonna ask you one more time:
Who was driving the Impala that
took out our brothers?
FLINT: Sorry, man.
I can't understand a goddamn
word you're saying.
You guys got any idea what Clan
McDouchebag is talking about?
(engine revs)
(Flint screaming)
(yells)
(Flint screams)
Stop the bike, man!
Stop it!
Sorry about that.
Had to speed up the process.
Jax just got out of County.
Zoom, zoom.
FLINT: Aah! Slow down!
(sighs heavily)
Thanks, Mom.
Of course, baby.
Head straight to TM.
Take one of the Tacoma guys
if you go anywhere.
Yeah, I know.
(kissing)
(door sensor dinging)
CHUCK: I welcome you.
(car door closes)
Are you shitting me?
What are you doing here?
I'm just looking for
Chibs or Bobby.
I just want to get Jax's info.
I want to talk to him.
He's out, and that is
not a good idea.
Gemma, I just want to help.
I want him to know that.
Not today.
(motorcycles approaching)
Where are the boys staying?
My house.
Well, I guess I could talk to
Jax when he comes to see them.
I'll be staying with you,
now that you sublet my place
to Juice.
What'd he tell you?
That he's hiding from the club,
and for some reason,
you're helping him, which--
forgive me
if this sounds harsh--
feels way out of character.
There's been enough death.
(indistinct conversation)
I'm really sorry.
Really sorry.
(Bobby speaks quietly)
Want me to take care of this?
Chibs, it's okay.
I got it.
I'll meet you upstairs.
Shit.
What are you doing here?
I just want to talk to you.
I thought you were in rehab.
I checked out.
Look, I told her to come.
I know I should've waited till
you got out, but I needed help.
It's just
about helping the boys.
Talk to her?
I'm so sorry about Tara.
I spent the last week or so
trying to wrap my head around
that horror.
It's not your problem.
I'm not here to judge you, Jax,
or to insert myself
into Abel's life.
Honestly, at this point,
I don't care
if he ever knows I'm his mom.
Gemma's right.
I just want to make sure
he's happy and safe.
And Thomas, too.
Just let me help.
Work it out with Gemma.
Okay.
OSO: My uncle is
a shop steward for the ILW.
Has access to everything coming
and going out of the port.
Which means we can
use the water to move product.
Keep that shit off the highway.
-(phone rings)
-Yeah, that's smart.
Hey, you all know that anything
moves out of Stockton Port,
it's got to go through Barosky.
We'll make sure
he gets his piece.
ALVAREZ:
Yeah, for now.
But Barosky,
he's like all those dirty cops--
careless and greedy.
At some point, he's gonna
push too far.
FIASCO: Yo, that was Peacock.
D.A. cut Teller loose.
He's on his way home.
Call Lin, let him know.
I'll go check out
where Jax is at.
-Órale.
Hey, we appreciate you stepping
in the middle of this, huh.
I ain't no politician,
but, uh, maybe I could help
put something together
that keeps us all whole.
Yeah, but what if you can't?
Then it's gonna get messy, ese.
For all of us.
Are you okay with that?
See, Oso and his crew, they're
concerned about your loyalty
because of your personal
connection to the Sons.
I guess they're just
gonna have to trust me.
Like you do.
And what about Teller's mother?
She knows how the world works.
You didn't answer
my question, ese.
No, huh?
Hey, maybe I would make
a good politician.
(car door closes)
(door opens)
(door closes)
I didn't think I'd be
in this chair again.
Thank you for helping Gemma
handle everything.
Taking care of my family.
Of course, brother.
Anything you need, Jackie.
JAX:
Okay, our alliances.
We locking them down?
BOBBY: Yeah.
Irish are setting up with black.
Connor's here
to handle the transition.
And we took care of, uh,
an internal family problem
for Cacuzza,
so Italians are in our debt.
No muss, no fuss, no Tony.
(chuckles)
Nice.
And the Grim Bastards?
That's where we were
when Rat called.
Uh, a few days ago, Darker Dan
and a couple of prospects
got run down in, uh,
Lockwood Gardens.
Dan bled out, prospects are
barely hanging in.
Bastards found out
it's one of Flint's crew.
-Is he still East Dub?
-TIG: Oh, yeah.
He gave up the owner
of the car, though.
Well, we kind of
dragged it out of him.
It's an '82 Impala.
It belongs to this hood rat,
hooked up with a...
an OG named DuLain.
CHIBS:
Grim Bastards are good.
Fence mended.
BOBBY:
How'd it go with the AB?
Took almost a week to
get a sit-down with Tully.
That guy's
a super freak, man.
A freak with clout.
He's number three
in the Brotherhood now.
BOBBY: Yeah,
and once he gets to Stockton,
he's gonna be calling the shots
from Fresno to Portland.
JAX:
Yeah.
He didn't give much,
but I think I cleaned it up.
He may want a favor or two
in the future, but for now,
I think we're okay with white.
What about business?
Where are we at with that?
BOBBY:
Garage is solid.
Diosa's picking up.
TIG: We got the okay
to demo the clubhouse.
We're fielding some bids
on the rebuilds now.
Good.
Porn studio is almost
ready, brother.
Lyla's tracking down
all the Caracara girls.
BOBBY:
And the new name cleared.
Red Woody, Incorporated,
is now open for business.
(laughter)
(Jax sighs)
I never really wanted
this chair.
I guess some part of me
knew it would happen,
but I always
dreaded the weight of it.
The responsibility.
The truth is I can barely make
the right choices for myself.
I've been trying
to take this club
in a direction I thought
made sense.
To move us away
from all the outlaw shit.
That hasn't worked.
I think some part of me was
trying to buy back
all the bad shit I've done.
The people I've hurt.
That's a false pardon.
It's dangerous.
And it's selfish.
(wry laugh)
JT did the same thing.
And those choices took away
everything from my old man.
His family and his patch.
I already lost the woman I love.
I'm not gonna lose my club.
For me to move forward with all
the things we now have to do,
I need to know
this table has no doubts.
No mistrust.
That every single one of you
would kill or die
for the man next to him, and if
you don't feel that way...
...now's the time to speak up.
We're all in, brother.
We love you.
We trust you.
Tell us what you need.
NARRATOR (on TV):
Lion cubs play with anything
that arouses their interest...
(footsteps approaching)
(cocks gun)
Jesus!
You told Wendy I was
hiding you from the club?
What else?
That they want me dead.
Shit.
She was gonna kick me out.
I bought myself till tonight.
All right, look.
I'll-I'll take care of Wendy.
And you're, and you're not gonna
have to leave tonight,
but you got to go soon.
Jax is out.
All right.
I'll figure it out.
You've had over a week
to figure it out, sweetheart.
I just have to get my
cash from the weed shop.
No. Jax has got Tacoma
sitting on it 24-7.
Look, um...
I'll pull together some cash.
Just enough
to get you out of town.
Go to Idaho, Montana, somewhere
there isn't a charter.
Things'll calm down here and...
I'll get your money
from Clear Passage,
I'll send it to you.
Yeah.
Okay.
You need anything?
No.
How's Jax?
(Gemma sighs)
Sad.
(door closes)
What did you say to him?
I mean...
how did you just have
a conversation about Tara?
I'm not a psychopath, Juice.
I know what happened with Tara
and Eli was awful.
What I did...
I know how horrible that was.
But it happened because we were
both protecting the club.
Jax was turning himself in.
I didn't know that!
I made choices
based on the truth I had.
So did you.
You did what any member
would've done.
But you know...
if Jax finds out...
...not only will
he have lost a wife...
...but he'll lose his mother.
And Abel and Thomas will...
grow up never knowing the love
of a strong woman.
I am the only thread holding
this family together.
This ain't about protecting
you and me.
It's about protecting Jax
and those boys.
That's how I look him
in the eyes.
That's how
I talk to him about Tara.
Because I know,
as selfish as it seems...
keeping our truth away from him
is the right thing to do.
Understand?
Yeah.
I don't know what you did
or why Jax wants you dead--
it's probably better
I don't know...
(Juice sighs heavily)
...but you helped me.
You gave me a truth that works.
So I'm gonna help you.
Okay.
So, you just keep it
together a few more days.
Stop chatting up the junkie.
(laughs quietly)
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Okay...
(whimsical music playing)
Thanks.
CHUCK: Sure.
(Chuck whistling
along with tune)
She misses you.
Gemma.
Oh, yeah?
She tell you that?
CHUCK: No.
She hardly says a word to me.
But every time
a car pulls into TM,
the way she looks up
with a little bit of hope...
I know she's wishing it was you.
(footsteps approaching)
Hey.
Good to see you, man.
I'm glad you're out.
Me, too.
Can we talk?
Yeah.
I'm really sorry
about Tara, Jax.
I know there's nothing that
I can, uh, say that'll help.
But you just let me know if
there's anything I can do.
I appreciate that.
You got any intel on,
uh, who might've been involved?
Nothing from the sheriffs.
You know I've been sitting down
with the Chinese and the Mayans.
I heard.
I'm just trying to
figure out a way to avoid
having my hood and Oaktown turn
into some kind of combat zone.
I get that.
Lin and Alvarez, uh, they wanted
me to extend their condolences.
And to let you know-- brown
and yellow had nothing to do
with this tragedy
that's hit your familia.
That's good to know.
I think maybe, until we're
certain how all this plays out,
I should handle Diosa here.
You focus on Colette's place.
Keeps potential conflicts
out of our business.
Okay.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Listen, once you're settled in,
maybe in a few days,
we should sit down
with Lin and Alvarez,
see what can be done.
I don't want to wait.
Let's do it now.
Yeah?
All r... All right.
I'm gonna set it up.
(door opens)
Mr. Unser.
District Attorney
Thyne Patterson.
What can I do for you?
Do you remember me?
Yeah.
We worked the, uh,
Cahill Warehouse murder
a bunch of years back.
You were, uh...
ADA then.
Good memory.
UNSER (chuckles):
Sometimes.
There ain't
nobody here right now,
if you're looking for the club.
I'm actually here to see you.
Oh, yeah?
And why's that?
I know that you
and Tara were close.
I already gave my
statement to the sheriffs.
What if I wanted more?
I know you've had a long history
with the Sons of Anarchy.
Whatever you did here to manage
the MC, it worked.
For a long time.
That's ancient history.
Althea Jarry.
She's taking over
the sheriff's office tomorrow.
She's replacing Eli Roosevelt.
She spent six years
with the organized crime unit
in Stockton.
I think she's a good fit for
Charming and Morada,
but she's a little out of
the loop on the local lore.
She could benefit from
your history lessons.
What exactly...
are you asking me?
To help her with the MC.
After Tara and the war that's
brewing in Oakland,
we both know
it's gonna get pretty bloody.
I can make you a consultant.
(Unser laughs)
Uh, I appreciate
the offer, yeah.
But I'm afraid
my badge and gun days
got flushed away
a long time ago.
Pity doesn't suit you.
What happened here was wrong.
Tara deserved better.
I'll brief
Sheriff Jarry tomorrow.
I'll mention that we talked.
Nero expressed your condolences.
Appreciate that.
Awful thing, losing family.
Yeah.
Okay, so let's figure
out what we have to do,
keeps everyone moving forward.
Pushing back on turf,
blood for blood,
we all know why
we have to do it,
but we also know how
much it hurts business.
You throw in the heat from
the ATF, gang task force--
we're just gonna end up
choking each other out.
No one wins.
We have to be smarter
than a loaded gun, eh?
I know us handing off
the gun trade to Marks
upset the balance.
It's hard to explain--
it was historical shit.
I was so focused on moving us
away from the IRA,
I didn't give
a shit about blowback.
That was a mistake.
For better or worse, I got
a relationship with Barosky.
You guys bump up against him
at the port, I can help.
Or, at the very least, I got no
trouble looking the other way.
We got tight with Connor Malone.
He's the boots on the ground
here for the Irish.
I can't take back any of the
business we gave to black,
but I can get you access
to the Irish guns
you currently don't have.
At the very least, you can
increase your business
to your customers
outside of Sanwa.
It's a start.
SAMCRO's throwing me a
little homecoming bash tonight.
At our new adult entertainment
facility.
You talking about that shitty
porn warehouse on the docks?
When you say it like that,
kind of loses all its magic.
Why don't you join us.
Bring your family, your crew.
I'll invite Connor.
You guys can have an easy,
informal chat.
No offense,
but the last time my family
entered a warehouse with
the Irish and your crew,
no one came out alive.
Bohai came at us for
what the Irish did to you.
We had no idea that retaliation
was going down.
Well, my uncle didn't handle
things the way I would've.
Old World shit.
I understand your concern about
walking into a trap,
but my family's gonna be there--
friends, probably some kids.
Nothing's going down on our end,
except some Jack and beer.
OSO: Niners?
Apart from the Grim Bastards,
won't be any black to slam into.
NERO:
Hey, you all come by.
If it feels right, you stay.
If not, we figure out another
place and time.
(Lin clears throat)
Your, uh, escorts gonna
be serving snacks?
Snacks, absolutely.
Think maybe I can
convince my guys to roll by.
I'll make it work.
Good.
Call you with a time.
Looks like everyone's friendly.
Things are moving fast.
We're throwing me a little party
tonight at the studio.
I want it packed.
Porn stars, Diosa,
friends, croweaters.
And Gemma.
Aye, we'll make it happen.
Track down Connor.
Need him there, too.
Jax, that was T.O. on the
phone-- they found the Impala.
An apartment on Cranston.
-That's Niner hood.
-Yeah, it is, and he didn't
want to make a move until you
clear it with Tyler first.
Don't worry about the Niners.
-Tell T.O. we're on our way.
-Yeah.
You don't want to head home?
Bastards will be useful tonight.
I might need T.O.
owing me a favor.
What's up, T.O.?
STICKY: It's the corner unit.
T.O.: Girlfriend came out
about ten minutes ago,
had a smoke
and then went back inside.
Not sure who else is in there.
That's a brand-new Rover.
Little high-end
for this address.
CHIBS:
I don't like it.
Impala just sitting there.
No East Dub.
Flint would've given
DuLain a heads up.
OG could have a crew
just waiting
for the door to kick open.
Maybe.
Anyone want to find out?
(van door opens)
Why not?
(muffled music playing)
(whispering):
Front room's empty.
(music grows louder)
Watch the front.
(woman moans)
Oh, yes.
(woman gasps)
MAN:
Yeah.
No, wait, wait.
(man screams)
-Oh, shit.
-JAX: We okay?
Yeah.
What the hell?
Hey, go back out front,
make sure no one heard
the shots.
QUINN: Yeah.
BOBBY:
We got a problem.
He ain't East Dub.
More like Piedmont Grace.
Assistant pastor.
Check their I.D.'s.
CHIBS:
Jesus.
T.O.:
Oh, goddamn it.
White dude--
another assistant pastor.
Oh, boy.
This here's Reverend
Jonathan Haddem, head pastor.
Piedmont Grace Center for God.
And apparently women's lingerie.
T.O.: The OG that killed
my guys ain't here.
We got to clean this mess up.
(low groan)
QUINN: Bobby?
It's registered to the church.
That's a serious congregation.
Lot of dough.
HAPPY:
All quiet in the projects.
JAX:
Quinn?
Wait till it's dark,
take West and Montez,
get the bodies out of there.
All right.
Hey, burn 'em at Skeeter's.
No. Too much exposure.
Chigger Woods.
Keep them shallow and marked.
QUINN:
Got it.
Sorry I led you guys to this.
Jax.
My table is shrinking, man.
Yeah.
Not sure how much longer I can
hold the charter.
We got to find this nigger
who killed my crew.
Maybe give us some juice.
I get it, bro.
It's all good.
We're gonna find your OG.
We're not gonna let you fold.
Thanks.
All right.
Hey, I might need
a favor tonight.
Yeah, whatever you need.
JAX:
All right, let's hit it.
LYLA:
I'm gonna help Jax launch it,
and if it works out,
I'll run it.
GEMMA:
In front of the camera?
No. Producer.
I'm tired of squats and waxing.
Mm. Me, too.
I'm thinking
of bronzing my clit,
turning it into a necklace.
(Lyla laughs)
(Lyla clears her throat)
You may want to hold
off on that jewelry project.
He misses you.
-Hey.
-LYLA: Hey.
(kisses)
Mind if I sit?
No.
Man, they really
cleaned up this old shit hole.
Talking about
the warehouse, right?
Yes.
You see Jax?
Yeah. We talked.
Good.
You know why I had to
put some distance here, right?
Yeah, I get it.
The street calls,
you got to handle your shit.
I don't answer
to the street anymore.
I'm just trying to help the
people that I care about...
not die in it.
How's that going?
I think we might be okay.
I love you, Gemma.
Yeah.
Me, too.
So, um... what happens now?
One day at a time?
I hate that shit.
(women laughing in distance)
Hey. It's me.
So, I spoke to Gemma.
You can stay for a few days
till you figure things out.
I'll go stay with her.
Thank you.
WENDY:
Okay.
And I, um, picked you up
some fresh fruit
and some water and shit.
And some cleaning supplies
in case you get bored.
Okay. Thanks.
(knocking on door)
It's Unser.
It's my ride.
Gemma thought
I should leave you the car,
in case you need
to leave in a hurry.
(knocking on door)
-Okay.
-Okay?
I got to let him in.
I'm sorry.
-Hi.
-Hey.
Be ready in a minute.
-Okay.
-I just got to pack a bag.
Take your time.
See you gave the place
a pretty good cleaning.
Yup.
Got a little carried away.
Little bit.
Glad you talked to Jax,
worked it out.
Yeah, me, too.
A little surprised
Gemma's letting you stay there.
Well, it's just for a few days.
Give her a chance to catch up.
It'll be good
to be close to the boys.
You, uh, bringing
these groceries?
No.
Hey, can you grab my coat
out of the closet?
Yeah, sure.
Oh. Which one?
The long leather one.
Here.
All right, thanks.
-All set?
-Yup. Let's do it.
(music blaring)
(crowd chatter)
You have the leverage
here, brother.
Look, you don't agree to
sell Lin the hardware
till you find out
who his buyers are
and when they're
hitting the street.
That's a request
you'd make of anyone.
CHIBS:
Listen, just get us that intel.
After that,
you're not part of this.
Did you clear
all this with Marks?
August is in New York.
He'll be back in a few days.
We'll bring him up to speed.
It's a win-win.
I like my wins one at a time.
Are we doing this?
All right, I'll talk to him.
(Connor sighs)
You remember Connor Malone?
Yeah. Ryu Tom.
He was my uncle's number two.
Circumstances are
a little less daunting
from the last time we met,
wouldn't you say so?
Hopefully, a little
less bloody, too.
JAX:
That's right.
No more blood.
Come on, let's sit down.
We'll get you some drinks.
Lyla...
get them some drinks?
(groans quietly)
-(gun cocks)
-Get up.
How we doing, son?
(music blaring)
Need a refill?
Nah, I'm good.
This place is crawling
with free pussy and porn-hos
that are getting paid to fill
every orifice with Asian cock.
(Dun laughs)
You're sitting here
all by yourself,
doing that Shaolin monk thing.
(Dun laughs)
Somebody's got to be on the job.
Right.
No offense, but, uh,
you sound like a mom.
(laughs quietly)
I am.
That's my son, guest of honor.
DUN:
Got it.
Nice to meet you.
How about you?
No wife and kids?
Nah.
Didn't expect
to be alive this long.
Yeah.
Tell me about it.
Well, you enjoy yourself.
You, too.
Chibs.
I'm gonna need that favor.
Okay.
What's going on?
Chinese guy at the bar,
yellow shirt.
I need you to follow him
when he leaves.
Take him down.
I need him alive.
What if he's got
somebody with him?
They'll just see black hands.
Keeps us off Lin's radar.
We got masks and
everything you need in the van.
(paper crinkling)
Bring him here.
(sighs): I got to know
what this is about, Jax.
What do you need, baby?
Tell him.
The night Tara was killed,
I was, um...
coming over to Jax's house
to pick up some
things for the boys.
When I got close, I, um...
I saw someone in a Mercedes,
waiting in the driveway.
Then this guy, he runs by
the side of the house,
coming out the back door.
Threw his jacket
and some other shit in the trunk
and hopped in the car.
And I... went real slow
when they passed by.
Got a real good look at that guy
that was in the house.
It was him.
I didn't know Tara was inside.
I left.
Went looking for the club.
Shit.
Chinese killed Tara.
All right.
♪ ♪
Jax, T.O. delivered.
Connor said things went well.
Yeah.
We'll see how it goes.
Thanks for the hospitality.
Least I could do.
♪ ♪
(beep)
(knocking on door)
Hey.
Uh, uh,
I'm sorry to... barge in.
I'm looking for Gemma.
Oh, it's okay.
Come on in. She's not home yet.
(thunder rumbling)
♪ ♪
NERO: I got him.
WENDY: Really? Thanks.
Hey, Thomas.
(speaking indistinctly)
It's coming.
♪ ♪
Sorry about the Wendy of it all.
Didn't see that shit coming.
I actually kind of believe her.
I don't think
she's trying to replace you.
Or me.
Probably be good for the boys,
having her around.
I trust her.
For now.
♪ ♪
You're all set.
Good night, baby.
Good night, Mom.
♪ ♪
(crying softly)
You killed my wife.
(Dun shouting indistinctly)
I know. You're just a soldier.
Lin made the call.
(Dun crying)
But what you did to her,
how you did it...
I'm gonna
make sure you feel that.
(Dun shouting indistinctly)
♪ ♪
(shouting indistinctly)
It's okay, mama.
I'm here.
It's all gonna be fine.
♪ ♪
(muffled moaning)
(blade sliding)
Hey... hey.
You stay with me.
(Dun moaning)
We're almost finished.
♪ ♪
(crunching)
(crackling)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org